c:\users\newuser\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\MvcApplication1.dll
c:\users\newuser\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\MvcApplication1.pdb
c:\users\newuser\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\newuser\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\newuser\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\newuser\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\newuser\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\newuser\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\newuser\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\newuser\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\newuser\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\newuser\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\newuser\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\newuser\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\newuser\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\newuser\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\newuser\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\newuser\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\newuser\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\newuser\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\newuser\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\newuser\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\newuser\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\newuser\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\newuser\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1.dll
c:\users\newuser\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\NewUser\Desktop\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\MvcApplication1.dll
C:\Users\NewUser\Desktop\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\MvcApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\NewUser\Desktop\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\NewUser\Desktop\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\NewUser\Desktop\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\NewUser\Desktop\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\NewUser\Desktop\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\NewUser\Desktop\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\NewUser\Desktop\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\NewUser\Desktop\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\NewUser\Desktop\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\NewUser\Desktop\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\NewUser\Desktop\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\NewUser\Desktop\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\NewUser\Desktop\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\NewUser\Desktop\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\NewUser\Desktop\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\NewUser\Desktop\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\NewUser\Desktop\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\NewUser\Desktop\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\NewUser\Desktop\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\NewUser\Desktop\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\NewUser\Desktop\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\NewUser\Desktop\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1.dll
C:\Users\NewUser\Desktop\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\NewUser\Desktop\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
G:\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\MvcApplication1.dll
G:\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\MvcApplication1.pdb
G:\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
G:\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
G:\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
G:\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
G:\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
G:\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
G:\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
G:\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
G:\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
G:\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
G:\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
G:\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
G:\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
G:\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
G:\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
G:\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
G:\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1.dll
G:\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1.pdb
D:\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\MvcApplication1.dll.config
D:\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\MvcApplication1.dll
D:\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\MvcApplication1.pdb
D:\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1.dll
D:\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1.pdb
D:\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\משפחה\Desktop\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\MvcApplication1.dll
C:\Users\משפחה\Desktop\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\MvcApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\משפחה\Desktop\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\משפחה\Desktop\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\משפחה\Desktop\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\משפחה\Desktop\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\משפחה\Desktop\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\משפחה\Desktop\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\משפחה\Desktop\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\משפחה\Desktop\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\משפחה\Desktop\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\משפחה\Desktop\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\משפחה\Desktop\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\משפחה\Desktop\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\משפחה\Desktop\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\משפחה\Desktop\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\משפחה\Desktop\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\משפחה\Desktop\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\משפחה\Desktop\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1.dll
C:\Users\משפחה\Desktop\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\משפחה\Desktop\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\משפחה\Desktop\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\משפחה\Documents\פרויקט אתר תמורה\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\משפחה\Documents\פרויקט אתר תמורה\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1.dll
C:\Users\משפחה\Documents\פרויקט אתר תמורה\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\MvcApplication1.dll
C:\Users\משפחה\Documents\פרויקט אתר תמורה\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\MvcApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\משפחה\Documents\פרויקט אתר תמורה\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\משפחה\Documents\פרויקט אתר תמורה\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\משפחה\Documents\פרויקט אתר תמורה\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\משפחה\Documents\פרויקט אתר תמורה\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\משפחה\Documents\פרויקט אתר תמורה\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\משפחה\Documents\פרויקט אתר תמורה\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\משפחה\Documents\פרויקט אתר תמורה\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\משפחה\Documents\פרויקט אתר תמורה\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\משפחה\Documents\פרויקט אתר תמורה\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\משפחה\Documents\פרויקט אתר תמורה\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\משפחה\Documents\פרויקט אתר תמורה\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\משפחה\Documents\פרויקט אתר תמורה\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\משפחה\Documents\פרויקט אתר תמורה\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\משפחה\Documents\פרויקט אתר תמורה\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\משפחה\Documents\פרויקט אתר תמורה\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\משפחה\Documents\פרויקט אתר תמורה\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\משפחה\Documents\פרויקט אתר תמורה\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\משפחה\Documents\פרויקט אתר תמורה\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1.pdb
